so I got
along the road ahead by something
Kingdom Hearts the popular gaming series
gets a makeover well whoever you are
stop freaking me out like this kingdom
hearts HD 1.5 remix offers up a set of
patch remaster titles kingdom hearts
final mix wheat chain of memories that
initially came out for the playstation 2
and highly reproduced cutscenes or what
you would call theater mode of kingdom
hearts 358 over two days so what else
are we looking at that's new here I'm
gonna get out and learn what's out there
for final mix the command menu now has a
summon slide at the very bottom that
menu in the lower left of screen camera
movement is slightly different using the
right thumbstick to change your view be
chain of Memories looks about the same
except a little sharper and smoother so
it's tough to give a review of games
that already came out years ago for
different platforms and such but the
most part kingdom hearts on a hole gets
good marks selling millions of copies
over the years this collection is more
for the die-hard fans to see a new and
improved version of the classics but
it's still something that will pique
your curiosity even if you've never
played before so I will speak to the
folks who've never seen these games they
are very Japanese if the style is all
about role-playing with a main character
Sora trying to find his friends along
with the help from Disney characters
time I am way final mix works like a
third-person title so does retain of
memories with an exception of card base
play to carry out your attacks and moves
now I'll be honest these are not my
style games even if I was a little kid
the Disney characters might draw me in
but I was bored kept thinking well maybe
it's cuz I'm not a kid anymore not even
if I was a kid I wouldn't like it this
is a subjective viewpoint obviously
there's a huge following for Kingdom
Hearts i like to call it an acquired
taste you need patience to play kingdom
hearts i guess i just don't have it also
i can't stand the music
sounds so depressing for a kid game I
wasn't happy either with final mix in
the camera movements everything was
reversed each time I tried to rotate the
camera my natural movement was to turn
toward that direction to see where I
want to look but he had to make the
opposite turn to do that so it was very
confusing never got used to it kingdom
hearts HD 1.5 remix is for the devoted
fan the devoted fan will appreciate all
the nuances and subtle changes that's
for sure Kingdom Hearts will live on
with more titles to come in the years to
follow despite what I might think here
is proof that not only is their demand
to see classics brought back to life
Kingdom Hearts is here to stay
you